Migration to AsciiDoc (#549)
OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface: doc/architecture/logical_model.adoc

= Logical model

> Logical models consume sensor-data data and produce sensor-data data.

Author: Exchanged "data" for "messages".

I recommend to keep the same sentence structure ("X consumes Y and produces Z") across all model-type topics, even if Y and Z are the same.
IMO this makes it clearer that there are inputs and outputs.

> An example of a logical model is a sensor-fusion model, which fuses the output of multiple sensor models.

Author: Changed.

> Another use case is the injection of faults after the sensor model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another use case is the fault-injection model which, contrary to a sensor-fusion model, may be used to increase uncertainties.
```

Author: Changed.
